All joining and dedicating this assembly hall to the worship of Jehovah God, our Grand King,
and the service of the Messianic King Jesus Christ, say yes.
On December 3, 2016, a new assembly hall was dedicated in comedy
in the north of Italy some 30 miles from Milan.
The dedication talk was given by brother Anthony Morris, a member of the governing body.
Almost 4,000 people attended the live event, and just under 30,000 brothers from Piumont and Lumberty
were tied in from their kingdom halls.
Over the past 30 years, the assembly hall had enabled thousands of brothers
to enjoy spiritual programs and association.
However, in recent years, Anita rose to make it more suitable for the increasing number of publishers,
so a decision was made to tear down the old assembly hall and build a bigger one.
Before proceeding, planning permission for a change of use of land had to be obtained from the city council.
Many attempts were made to obtain it.
In the meantime, the decision was made to use temporary aluminum frame tents for summer conventions.
With the help of two engineers, an architect and a surveyor,
we went back to the city council for the empteenth time,
and this time the mayor said that we had the right to proceed with the construction.
Oh, I will never forget the joy we felt that day in the month of July,
with that suffocating heat, as we walked out of the office,
got in the car which was parked in the sun,
who were wearing our ties and jackets, and thank Jehovah in prayer.
After praying, we realized that it was 120 degrees in the car.
So, in 2013, the construction work began.
The first stage of the project was carried out by an outside company.
Later, teams of brothers and sisters were organized
and they devoted their personal time to this theocratic project.
Altogether, there were more than 5,000 volunteers.
They experienced what Psalm 133 verse 1 says.
How good and how pleasant it is for brothers to dwell together in unity.
The instruction received from the world headquarters
was that a light roof should be built that was inexpensive and without pillars
so as not to obstruct the view of those in the audience.
After a year of design planning,
a roof was built with the best beam weight to load capacity ratio.
Each beam weighs 11 tons and has a load capacity of 65 tons.
One big problem was to make the roof's vertical movement under snow
compatible with the load bearing beam supporting the panels
since the hole has a movable partition wall dividing it into two sections.
We performed finite element simulations
which enabled us to estimate the actual movements of the building.
And we solved the problem by building a telescopic structure
that enables the roof to slide as opposed to the load bearing beam supporting the panels,
which is very rigid, almost stationary.
There are some innovative design details that make this assembly hall unique.
Another important feature of this assembly hall has to do with the acoustic walls.
We realized that the shape of the hall was not acoustically ideal
for an audience of 4,000 people.
With the help of consultants who are our brothers,
we figured out how to alternate sound absorbing panels
with sound reflecting panels,
which balances the sound in the entire hall.
Another feature of this hall is the movable partition wall,
which makes it possible to have two assembly simultaneously.
This is the first wall in the world that makes it possible to have such a high level performance in terms of quality.
I am truly amazed and it has made me realize that when you get together,
when you're united with a common purpose,
sharing strong values and principles, great things can be accomplished.
Such quick payments, I had never been asked to receive my money before.
This was the first time that others called me to get things paid.
The hall was empty, I walked in and side finished.
I hadn't seen it like this before, I was moved to tears.
You see, you worked for it, you were thinking about it,
even some sleepless nights and now you see the whole thing finished
and being put to Jehovah's Honour,
you can't describe that.
Brother Morris closed the dedication program
with an exhortation based on Ecclesiastes chapter 5 verse 1.
Guard your feet whenever you go to the house of the true God
and let there be a drawing near to here.